Update error.md CLIENT_FETCH_ERROR Section (#6147)
nextauthjs/next-auth: docs/docs/errors.md

- https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/nextjs#pages
- https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/pages
- https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/middleware#matcher

---

#### Troubleshooting
###### CLIENT_FETCH_ERROR

> Can also be caused by stale cookies and other configuration errors. To fix, open your browser devtools and clear your cookies from `application` tab for dev website e.g localhost:3000. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can also be caused by stale cookies and other configuration errors. To fix the stale cookies issue, open your browser devtools for your dev app, go to the `Application` tab and click "Clear Storage". 
```

> Here's a useful link to a stackoverflow [solution](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/73564345/next-auth-credentials-provider-server-error) on similar problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, check out this [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/73564345/next-auth-credentials-provider-server-error).
```
